Documents requests per second (#14)
openzipkin-contrib/zipkin-secondary-sampling: docs/design.md

The naming convention `sampling` follows the same design concern as [b3 single](https://github.com/openzipkin/b3-propagation/blob/master/RATIONALE.md#relationship-to-jms-java-message-service). Basically, hyphens cause problems across messaging links. By avoiding them, we allow the same system to work with message traces as opposed to just RPC ones, and with no conversion concerns.  This encoding is the similar to the [Accept header](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-5.3.2) in order to provide familiarity.

### `spanId` parameter

> The `spanId` parameter should be added to a sampling key when only a subset of the service graph is triggered. This allows features like rate-limiting to be applied consistently. It also allows intentional gaps between triggers to be repaired later. Details about the `spanId` are discussed later in this document. 

Author: ```suggestion
The `spanId` parameter must be added to a sampling key when only a subset of the service graph is triggered or when participants are sampling less than 100%. Details on how the `spanId` is used are covered later in this document. 
```
